README.md, before:

# SVG-logo-creator
an SVG format logo creator application 

## Description
This application is a logo creator that allows the user to create a logo in SVG format. The user can choose the background color, the logo type, and the logo text with color. The user can also download the logo as an SVG file.

In this application, you can find the Examples folder that contains the SVG files created by this application. 

```here is the tree of the application file structure:```

```
|__ dist/               // index.dev.js generated here
├── examples/           // you can find svg files created by the app
├── lib/                // here is the folder for classes or functions
    ├── shapes.js       // the main file for rendering shapes
    ├── shapes.test.js  // Jest tests for shapes
    |__ shapes.dev.js   
    |__shapes.test.dev.js
|
├── .gitignore          // files and folders to be ignored by git
├── index.js            // main file that runs the application using imports from lib/
|__ LICENSE             // MIT license
|__ logo.svg            // the logo created by the application
├── package.json        // npm package file
├── package-lock.json   // npm package file
└── README.md           // the read me file          
```

## installation
you may need to install dependencies using the following command:

```'npm install'```
```npm install --save-dev jest```
```npm install inquirer```
```npm install fs```
## Usage
To run the application, use the following command:
```node index.js```

## License
This application is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome. Please submit a pull request if you would like to contribute to this project.

## Tests
To run tests, use the following command: run the following command in the terminal:

```npm test```

## Questions
If you have any questions about the repo, open an issue or contact me directly at <a href="mailto:solowon27@hotmail.com"></a>
You can find more of my work at [https://github.com/solowon27](Solomon Tegegne).

Commit message:

read me file get updated

README.md, after:

# SVG-logo-creator
an SVG format logo creator application 

## Description
This application is a logo creator that allows the user to create a logo in SVG format. The user can choose the background color, the logo type, and the logo text with color. The user can also download the logo as an SVG file.

In this application, you can find the Examples folder that contains the SVG files created by this application. 

```here is the tree of the application file structure:```

```
|__ dist/               // index.dev.js generated here
├── examples/           // you can find svg files created by the app
├── lib/                // here is the folder for classes or functions
    ├── dist            // the file which contain shapes.dev.js and shapes.test.dev.js
    ├── shapes.js       // the main file for rendering shapes
    ├── shapes.test.js  // Jest tests for shapes
|
├── .gitignore          // files and folders to be ignored by git
├── index.js            // main file that runs the application using imports from lib/
|__ LICENSE             // MIT license
|__ logo.svg            // the logo created by the application
├── package.json        // npm package file
├── package-lock.json   // npm package file
└── README.md           // the read me file          
```

## installation
you may need to install dependencies using the following command:

```'npm install'```
```npm install --save-dev jest```
```npm install inquirer```
```npm install fs```
## Usage
To run the application, use the following command:
```node index.js```

## License
This application is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome. Please submit a pull request if you would like to contribute to this project.

## Tests
To run tests, use the following command: run the following command in the terminal:

```npm test```

## Questions
If you have any questions about the repo, open an issue or contact me directly at <a href="mailto:solowon27@hotmail.com"></a>
You can find more of my work at [https://github.com/solowon27](Solomon Tegegne).
